She was disappointed at not finding him at home.
He likes being invited.
These bags need drying.
He mentioned having already read about it.
On receiving the answer he became glad.
Ann insisted on being informed about the day of the departure.
Peter apologized for making us wait.
His speech is still far from being ended.
Olga denied having been to this establishment.
I think of being helped.
What are your objections to his being here?
We insisted on the contract being signed immediately.
Oleg tells me about Petrov's being sent on a business-trip.
I know of his having sent you a parcel.
The room needs cleaning.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
I know nothing of Kate's leaving.
Ann acknowledged having received letters from him.
She was thankful for being taken for the trip.
I couldn't help being excited when I received the telegram from my wife.,.
Excuse me for not ringing you up yesterday.
He is proud of having won this prize.
I don't mind your having to visit your relatives.
I dislike watching TV programmes.
She didn't like being watched.
1 remember the weather being warm then.
Everybody was surprised at his leaving the meeting.
He mentioned his having been married twice.
He didn't mind the secretary's having to leave earlier.
I remember to send the letter.
Go on singing.
Go on to retell the text.
Fancy our having to leave the house in such weather!
Learning rules without examples is useless.
In spite of being busy, he came to the birthday party.
It is no use worrying about the things we can't change.
He was to spend three days at home before going to the country- house.
She left the room without noticing the guests.
The best remedy for such a headache is going to bed.
There is no avoiding him now.
Knitting can help you (to) become calm.
I was afraid of being asked such difficult questions.
Ann is against our going to the cinema.
She couldn't sleep because of being afraid of the thunder­storm.
On watching the film, he remembered the title of the article.
She said that her husband could go on repairing the car.
She is not used to living without any conveniences.
On hearing the news, she burst into tears.
Mother suspected us of having left the umbrella in the tram.
She tore the letter into small pieces without reading it.
Do you feel like making a pie?
He kept on shouting at her.
At last it has stopped raining.
I am for going to the night club.
All of a sudden she burst out laughing.
His only desire was leaving the place as soon as possible.
He was engrossed in reading letters.
She sat in the arm-chair without moving.
I kept silent in spite of there being a lot of questions to ask.
She had the feeling of being followed.
Don't blame yourself for being so absent-minded.
Kate was looking forward to the guests' coming.
Dancing has not begun yet.
It's no good hiding our heads under our wings.
Nobody could pass without being seen.
He was ashamed of having shown irritation.
I don't remember hearing this legend.
She liked neither reading aloud nor being read aloud to.
I hope you'll forgive my (me) disturbing you.
I began to picture to myself my being found dead in the hotel.
We couldn't put off going over the house.
The doctor kept on coming and examining the patient.
I couldn't help being hungry.
They accuse him of having dealt with the criminal world.
I feel like talking.
You may rely on my setting matters right.
He didn't like the idea of being hunted by Henry.
Are you aware of these words referring to my sister?
He was indignant at his son's having disobeyed him.
I felt incapable of speaking with my relatives.
Don't forget to shut the window/Remember to shut the window.
I remember being in this book-shop.
Remember to buy such a dictionary/Don't forget to buy such a dictionary.
He turned at hearing her footsteps.
She startled her father by bursting into tears.
He has no right to enter the room without being invited.
I felt better for having lived abroad for a long time.
The safe showed no sign of having been touched.
I thanked them for being punctual.
He was fined for being drunk.
He never ceased complaining.
I objected to his/him making private calls.
By working day and night, he succeeded in finishing the job in time.
I don't feel like making a report. What about going for a walk?
She is fond of reading sentimental stories.
The heart stopped beating.
He got used to having a cold shower.
She never helped him with drawing.
The idea of getting married seemed strange to him.
She reproached him for his being laughed at.
Unfortunately, she can't afford going abroad.
They are used to sitting up late (keeping late hours).
Peter succeeded in drawing.
Everybody praises her for studying well.
He had fear of being alone.
Let's risk going to the concert together.
His idea of objecting to Mr. Brown made me laugh.
He was proud of having been addressed with request.
There was something about him, that prevented him from being a bore.
In spite of myself I couldn't help telling her a lie.
The Petrovs thanked us for being given a lift.
Thank you for reminding us of the taxi.
Helen didn't like being interrupted.
The teacher objected to the children's being prompted.
I think there must be some reason for her coming back home.
The fear of being late disturbed him.
What do you say to buying new wall-paper?
On behalf of myself I thank you for meeting the delegation.
The day was spent in doing (the) shopping.
They began seeing each other.
I was surprised at my parents' having allowed the journey.
There is no preventing him from having a nervous breakdown (you can't prevent him from having...).
Would you mind our making an appointment with some other dentist?
The doctor insists on your keeping off alcohol.
The medical nurse succeeded in smiling at her patients, and really it worked better than any injection.
Take a deep breath. I think you mustn't put off being X-rayed.
Being on sick leave is out of the question.
She was afraid of falling ill with scarlet fever.
The doctor made a mistake by diagnosing the illness as tuberculosis.
Ann will never forgive her husband her living from hand to mouth the whole month.
Peter complained of his sister's getting on his nerves.
She persisted in dressing in her very best frock for such an occasion.
The plan consisted in turning everything upside down in the flat.
Give up the idea of making fun of them!
Now much will depend on her having regular meals and keeping to a diet.
He confessed, that he was not used to being given presents (to receiving).
It was mother who accused our neighbours of having robbed the garage.
He will never agree to his being put down in class next to a girl.
I stretched out my hand to prevent Ann from falling down.
The boy complains of being constantly punished.
She succeeded in getting used to living such a life.
She denied having been much obliged to him.
She showed no sign of being surprised.
Prompting in class is useless.
Aren't you ashamed to wait for being prompted?
He is fond of going in for fencing.
No doubt, Petrov helped the team in winning with the score 4:3.
Her surprise at Oleg's setting up the record was shocking.
The fans managed to avoid quarrelling, because the game (had) ended in a draw.
It's so clever of you to have prevented him from participating in this match.
Winning the cup in this competition is his main wish.
I hardly remember ever seeing a better game.
Ann couldn't stand his breaking off.
He couldn't help sticking to his promise.
Listening to such music drives her mad.
She is in the habit of sticking her hands in her pockets.
She approved of my actions by nodding.
Her habit of breaking dishes while quarrelling made him tiresome.
He had the plan for bringing our family to ruin.
She had a certain skill in wearing loose clothes.
After signing the document he rubbed his hands (together).
There is no harm in her curling her lip.— Isn't there?
I am sure she helped him in committing suicide.
This exhibition is worth visiting, isn't it?
Card-playing is his favourite pastime.
He expressed his surprise by shrugging his shoulders.
He did not remember sticking a stamp on the postcard.
Did you have/find any difficulty in solving this problem?
He thought of speaking for her defence.
He got a "five" in Country Studies without having learnt the material at home.
I hate seeing my friends off.
I prefer being seen off myself.
She is proud of having travelled much.
The necessity of going on business by plane was evident.
The excitement in coming into the harbour was indescribable.
Seasickness prevented her from travelling by sea.
I was against (our) booking the tickets beforehand (in ad­vance).
His being a stay-at-home irritated his parents.
What kind of people usually object to travelling by air?
Besides being clever he is very industrious.
Instead of asking a porter to help he carried the things himself.
Is it any good buying tickets on the day of departure?
After reserving a ticket by phone, she stopped being nervous.
She dislikes standing in a queue.
We insisted on the cases being taken to the warehouse immediately.
They didn't count on my being present.
She reproached herself for having lost her way and having been late.
Go on helping her and avoid attracting attention.
He hated being interrupted.
Practise having long walks before going to bed.
I find it strange his being operated on.
Don't blame yourself for (your) not being able to help us.
Imagine his surprise at seeing me.
All he is interested in is seeing her happy.
There was no knowing what she wanted.
She couldn't stand/bear being humiliated.
You must apologize for (your) coming so late.
He thanked us for being entertained.
It was clear he spoke (was speaking) without thinking, as usual.
He expressed pleasure at being asked to dinner.
I was tired of doing much the same thing every day.
He looked as though he were on the point of falling asleep.
Under his influence she had taken to writing essays and short stories.
On seeing you back home he felt hopeful.
English grammar is very difficult and few writers have avoided making mistakes in it.
I could no longer contemplate leaving her.
Roger went on speaking with energy and enthusiasm.
If this is what you intend asking me, stop wasting your time.
It puzzled me not that Brown kept pressing for a private talk with me, but that all of a sudden he left off doing so.
She was not conceited, though she liked showing off.
We'll do what we can, if you don't mind waiting a bit.
He told me he'd postpone going to America.
I still could not recall meeting her, or anything about her.
What a girl, he thought, and resumed reading his paper.
I set about learning German but I never got further than being able to read short texts.
They can't bear being deceived in such a vulgar way.
I knew he could not face being talked about.
I remember being speechless with happiness that God had brought us together.
They had difficulty (in) finding proper clothes.
Will you be much longer doing that?
He felt like giving it up.
All of a sudden she burst out laughing and the others fol­lowed.
As he approached the park gates he narrowly missed being run down by a large car.
I remember hearing my aunts telling me in my childhood that great men never cared for flattery.
I appreciate your coming to my defence.
She resented his being invited.
I didn't think twice about telling her; we had no secrets.
What did she mean by boasting like that?
That's what comes of running after the girls.
One afternoon, when I was counting on working for an hour or two more, the telephone rang.
Let's get down to signing the papers.
I took pride in making my lodgings pretty and comfortable.
He was taking risks in speaking in that tone to them.
I hesitated about ringing Roger up.
She complained about the porridge being lumpy.
Did she suspect her husband of trying to take her in?
You had no doubt as to her death being natural.
It is want of imagination that prevents people from seeing things from any point of view but their own.
She gave years of her life to taking care of him.
Why should I waste time in discussing what is inevitable?
With dignity he thanked me for entertaining him.
I said something about Joan being in love with him, but he would not talk of her.
I muttered something lame about it being a pity.
He reproached me bitterly for not having let him know.
You've done great harm by distorting facts.
I spoke without thinking and later was sorry for having done so.
You begin learning a language by listening to the new sounds.
I don't want to distress her by telling her that you have be­haved like a blackguard.
He waited a long while before answering.
Some boys missed classes for three days after running round the playground barefoot.
On arriving at the cottage she found it locked.
After staying away eighteen years he can hardly expect us to be very anxious to see him.
Besides teaching me something about human nature my training in a medical college gave me an elementary knowl­edge of science and scientific method.
Not a day had passed without that young man coming to at least one meal.
I hope they haven't gone off without your seeing them.
It's no good taking advantages of people's weaknesses.
I admit having confided in this man.
On being left alone he began thinking of his temporary suc­cess and ended by admitting that he had been wrong.
He can never say anything without arousing somebody's in­dignation.
Don't deny having displayed little heroism when the catas­trophe occurred.
Without saying anything to Christine Andrew began to look for a convenient consulting-room.
He was wearing an old suit and his hair wanted cutting.
I expect you are upset by Kate's leaving us.
He likes dealing with kids and he likes being happy.
I couldn't help Irene's having no money.
It would be madness, it would mean giving up all that he respected.
The house was old and shabby, it needed no redecorating, it wanted pulling down.
It revived her old grudge against her father for having estranged himself.
I think it ridiculous his getting married so young!
I earned this fee for assisting, for being there.
Swithin was somewhat upset at being stopped like that at the point of saying something important.
His trouble was not having control of his thoughts and feelings.
It's a lame excuse for doing nothing.
On arriving at the airport he went to the left-luggage office first thing.
In looking through the documents he came across a very interesting photograph.
On passing their house I noticed that all the windows were dark.
His being able to do without her surprised everybody.
The doctor insisted on her putting off the trip.
Before taking action you had better make inquiries.
This time he felt no surprise at meeting his friend.
I've just had the pleasure of being introduced to your sister.
You've changed so much that he might be excused for not recognizing you.
The American lady looked wholesome in spite of not having slept all night.
The children were annoyed at being told to leave.
She looked disappointed and we suspected him of having told her bad news.
This fact is worth remembering.
It is not worth while discussing the problem in his absence.
I remember beating him at chess once.
This matter wants clearing up.
He received the news calmly without making a fuss about it.
He was charged with murdering Mrs. Helen Baker, a widow of 45.
Father did not approve of my having rejected the offer.
He had a way of talking with women.
There are a lot of things to consider before making a final de­cision.
One can't help saying that old age is the least pleasant time of our life.
Could you tell me, Grannie, how you have succeeded in preserving my grandfather's love and respect through all these long years of your married life?
I could do it by very simple means: by doing all that pleased him and by enduring silently all that displeased me.
You can rely on his (him) settling the matter.
Don't worry about this medicine doing any harm.
Bill was disgusted with her being so vulgar.
I was afraid of them changing their minds, but fortunately it didn't happen.
Think of Ruth deceiving me! I didn't know she was capable of telling lies.
Imagine her being so brave! She is quite a hero.
Not knowing the rules of grammar leads to many mistakes.
Speaking before such a large audience made him very nervous.
No progressing is regressing. There is no denying it.
People will gossip.There's no preventing it.
The water needs filtering.
I'm sure you won't regret buying the house, even though it needs painting and decorating.
This agent will tell you about Dos and Don'ts of building your own house.
The headmaster does not allow running along the corridors.
Tony cannot do any work without being told at least twice.
I don't remember taking my wallet out of my bag, but I must have done it when I stopped to buy petrol.
I hope you haven't forgotten to telephone the garage because the car badly needs servicing.
Could you stop typing for a moment? I need to concentrate on this letter.
Dieting is very popular now.
Controlling my temper has been one of my goals this year.
Why should he come bothering you without being invited?
I will never believe you wish to go to the trouble of looking after him.
I looked at her for some moments before daring to open my mouth.
I should never have thought that peeling potatoes was such an undertaking.
Don't be shy of calling if you need me.
I always have some difficulty in remembering dates, they just slip my memory.
We all discussed the role played by personal traits of character in choosing a profession.
You can hardly imagine that they would dream of their only daughter marrying such a man.
He is hopeless and I have given up trying to reform him.
I'm afraid I'll have to abandon the pleasure of dining with you tonight.
Anna wrote her name but in doing so she became aware of being watched by a stranger.
He was certain there would be no sure way of detecting him.
She didn't like the idea of Herbert being thrown into contact with a lot of rough boys at the County Council School.
At night when he sank into a chair she would kneel and take off his heavy boots, before handing him his slippers.
He came in that evening without hailing her gaily.
In spite of being very poor Christine and Andrew knew hap­piness.
I admit there's nothing unusual in his keeping me at arm's length.