She decided to enter а pedagogical university.
Women like to be admired.
I was happy to be listening to you.
I am sorry not to have informed you about it beforehand.
Не is glad to have been helped.
They seem to have been travelling about а year.
Не liked to read much.
Не is still little, he likes to be read to.
Не seems to have read all the books in this library.
Не seems to be reading а fairy tale now.
Не says that he liked to be read to aloud.
Не is said to have been reading the magazine the whole month.
То quarre1 is useless. (lt is useless to quarre1.)
They arrived at that town to go sightseeing.
His dream was to become а pianist.
Не was stupid to have married Ann at the age of 18.
Не expressed а desire to help her.
She must have forgotten about her promise.
Peter wanted to be told the truth.
I think this is not the topic to discuss.
Не came to ask the questioц.
(ln order) to master а foreign language you must work systematically.
I advise you to read these rules several times so as (in order) to understand them better.
Не knows French well enough to translate this document.
Не doesn't know what to do.
I can tell you where to buy this book.
They asked me where to get tickets to the concert.
Nick wanted us to be invited to the exhiЬition.
Where do you want us to wait for you?
We expect the agreement to be signed soon.
Nobody expected it to happen.
Кate ordered the things to be packed.
He seems to be thinking over some problem.
They appear to have understood this rule very well.
The doctor seemed to be pleased with the work.
The house seems to have been built in the XVIIIth century.
They might have already received our letter.
They are unlikely to come to an agreement.
Mr. Petrov is likely to be appointed director of this factory.
Каtе appears to have lost Ann's address.
It's too cold to bathe today.
She spoke loudly (was speaking) as if to attract our attention.
The lake is near enough to walk there.
I didn't douЬt, that they had made Каtе come early.
She asked if her brother would be аЬlе to help her (to) repair the car.
There was nothing to do but stare at the window.
Visitors are asked not to feed the artimals.
Olga is too beautiful to be shy.
I didn't hear the door open.
Oleg was the only one to realize the danger.
Your parents must be travelling now.
Не is said to write books.
Не was said to be drawing а picture.
I am glad to have gone in for dancing.
She wanted his new book to be devoted to her.
It was difficult for Katherine to have respect for her husband's relatives, but she tried to соре with it.
Let them agree to differ.
There are always clouds to rest on the top of this mountain.
She will not be аЬlе to make herself comfortaЬle in this rocking armchair.
Не seems to be dozing, doesn't he?
It seems to me, that it is impossiЬle to shout her down.
Her task was to look after pensioners.
I saw Peter look around.
His parents want him to be а well-educated person.
The only thing we have to do now - is to call the doctor.
She seems to know everything about а bad cold.
I would sooner die than accept their invitation to the wedding.
I had по choice. There was nothing to do but agree with the director.
It is nice of you to have called the emergency.
Here are the instructions to follow.
Ann's duty was to take (the) patients' temperature.
Уou had better go back to bed.
Не seemed (to be) detached from what was going оп.
Каtе was mistaken to have devoted her life to the husband.
I was too frightened to move.
The captain is the last to leave the shiр (is to be the last ... )
This photo must have been chosen.
То tell а lie is not her hablt.
То forget the past seemed. impossiЬle.
I don't have to work on Sundays.
Не used to meet her after work.
We began to realize that all was in vain.
You shou1d take the prescribed taЬlets 3 times а day after mea1s.
She pretended to have а sore throat.
It hurts the eyes to 1ook at the sun.
То listen to such music, you'll have headache.
То go for а walk bare-headed in such weather is to have а bad co1d.
She lived to be 80, didп't she?
Why did they have to live under such bad conditions?
Ann came back home to take her purse.
These events are said (thought) not to be true to life.
She seems to be suffering from toothache.
Не was too o1d to look after himse1f.
She is strong enough to соре with this proЬlem.
I think it is better to consu1t а doctor than (to) read up the treatment in а reference book.
Ann was known to have been bom in а small provincia1 town.
From а medical point of view it is usefu1 to 1ive а hea1thy Iife.
Peter opened his mouth for the doctor to examine.
Not every doctor can (is аЬlе to) diagnose the disease.
Каtе is said to have been suffering from insomnia for 2 months already.
There is much for him to comp1ain of, he is feeling sore all over.
She didn't try muc11 in order to recover.
You must put mustard plasters on your chest and back.
This question is difficult to answer.
She stopped to smoke.
It is bad of you not to have drunk tea with honey and raspberry jam. Some severe complications are possiЬle now.
Why not take this medicine for headache?
Не is not the doctor to trust (to be trusted).
It's difficult for me to be1ieve you = I find it hard to believe you.
То take а deep breath was out of the question.
You should be afraid of quinsy, because it tells оn one's heart.
This patient is hard to please.
They gradually ceased to quarrel.
I was sorry to have invited my sister to the party.
They turned out to a1ways be late.
The rain was too heavy to make the picnic.
There was nothing for her to do but scold her hasband.
At that moment they happened to be p1aying c11ess.
An intimate friend is said to have dined with her.
Of course, I meant to have visited Ann (but ... ).
I had them take my 1uggage.
Kate seemed to have been keepiпg to а diet the who1e year.
I can't but think so.
The circumstances are too seriotis not to bе taken into consideration.
Even to tblnk of it gave me torture.
It was p1easant to be driving а саг again.
Не found it impossiЬle to 1eave the town.
I've got my wife and а little Ьоу to look after.
Laws were not made to be broken.
His eyes were sharp enough to look after his own business.
He was too weak to be able to work.
I believe her to have no conscience.
I have never seen him lose his temper.
He was seen to book a room.
She ordered her carriage to be ready.
I can't allow you to speak like this.
We rely on you to come in time.
She was heard to be laughing heartily.
The church is believed to have been built in the XVI century.
The doctor chanced to look into her room at about 11 o'clock.
That was for him to find out.
Ann was supposed to have been presented with a new car (by her parents).
Everybody waited for her to sing.
He may have fallen in love.
She was to have been operated on yesterday.
I am surprised to have been recognized.
I am sorry to have brought such bad news.
She seemed to have been knitting the sweater for ages.
He should read more.
He should have read more.
The weather seems to be improving.
He is sorry to have failed you.
She is glad to have spoken with you.
She was glad to speak with you.
He intended to have cleaned the coat, but...
The firm is reported to be conducting negotiations with Germany.
They must still be living in the country-house.
I have nothing to hide.
He even didn't bid me take a seat.
She is sure to like this coat.
It is nice to have been visited by the Petrovs.
I prefer not to be involved in such activities.
I believe the letters to be written regularly.
They seem (are likely) to be walking in the park at this very hour.
Everything seems to have been explained to them.
They could hardly have hidden there.
She happened to be passing.
Kate was said to have been taken to hospital.
He was nowhere to be seen.
She made me keep silent.
Do you happen to know where to have blood pressure tested?
Why not follow your doctor's prescriptions?
I felt it to be true.
He entered the University in order to (so as to) learn French.
He was glad to have recovered at last.
She woke to hear the rain.
To come here was to see everything with my own eyes.
He was thought to be honest.
Preferred to stay at home.
She was afraid to go along such dark streets.
I rather think she'll want you to stay.
He had nothing to say.
The father made his son stay in the room till evening.
He never failed to solve the problems.
He had eyes, that seemed to penetrate to your soul.
I was supposed to talk about the money.
The house is to let.
She ought to have come and to have told everything earlier.
Nothing seems to be happening there, does it?
I regret to have reminded you of Ann.
He says he even can't bear to hear about it.
I think, I have no more to add.
Me - marry him? Never!
He longed to recover soon.
Do you happen to know where the post-office is?
Why not start/begin travelling?
I will thank you to give me my letter.
To occupy her mind, she decided to do the flat.
I hoped to have found him at home.
He was seen to take the dog out for a walk.
To go on with this discussion is to waste time.
I'm sorry to have taken so much of your time.
It seems too good to be true.
We assembled to discuss our plans.
The first thing to settle is what to take with us.
We made a list of things to be taken.
George suggested eggs and bacon, which were easy to cook.
I like a story to have a beginning, a middle and an end.
The captain ordered the passengers to be shown their cabins.
He is so ready to help everybody.
A celebration such as this was not to be missed.
They waited in silence for their dinner to be served.
Love is said to be blind.
This statement seems to be wrong.
He felt extraordinary fits of giddiness come over him at times.
Look back to make sure you haven't left anything behind.
Leaving the compartment she looked back to see she had left the parcel on the seat.
After the third lesson I left his class never to return.
It was difficult to refuse. But why agree to do it?
To sound a man as to his intentions was peculiarly unpleas­ant to him.
It doesn't do to despise a Forsyte, it doesn't do to disregard him!
I think you'd be glad to get a long job like that off your hands.
Philip Bosinney was known to be a young man without for­tune.
It would have been a good idea to take her along yesterday.
Her brother seems to be saving money to buy a new car.
She seems to be very choosey.
I don't seem to remember her.
He is unlikely to take any risks.
He was made to understand that his behaviour was not nice.
The storm is reported to be moving South.
They are supposed to know the problem inside out.
My new neighbours turned out to be very agreeable people.
She is unlikely to buy ready-made clothes.
I happened to have no money on me.
The picture didn't appear to be in his taste.
He is not an easy man to astonish.
They were too lazy even to peel potatoes properly.
The old woman went to her daughter's country house only to die there a day later.
He lost his confidence never to get again.
Mrs. Hewells was at her wits' end what to do.
I continue to take an interest in him for old acquaintance's sake.
Tom stayed at home to be out of harm's way.
Was it not strange for him to remember that episode all his life?
It is important for them to keep track of current events.
Frank was anxious for the girl to come again.
It was not a matter to be discussed with a teenager.
She believed that it was worth telling Miss Caroline about the stranger.
I consider it to be a mistake to bear a grudge against them.
That's all I've got to look forward to.
Unfortunately, I am not strong enough to do it.
What made him say such a nasty thing?
It is a dangerous thing to order the lives of others.
The mistake is said to be irreparable.
He went to Spain to stay there for good.
It is madness to give up a good safe job for an uncertainty.
I've come to ask you for advice.
Late one evening when I was beginning to think that I had worked enough for that day, I heard the bell ring.
How can one advise another how to act?
It's an impertinence to speak to him like this.
It was important for them to pull themselves together.
The boy ought to be sent home lest he should infect the other children.
He is unlikely to give way to his temper like this.
This argument is sure to shake his confidence a bit.
That's all to be said about this book.
She went to a solicitor's to make her will.
The potatoes peeled, they began to cook an Irish stew.
She acted as though she were trying to win everybody's ad­miration.
She took the decision as if she had been inspired by some sudden thought to do it.
It will cost you nothing to give it to me.
Who is he to speak to me like this?
Arthur awoke to see that he was in a strange room.
If you really suspect him why not tell him frankly about it and be through with it?
Burton was quite at a loss where to turn for help.
He was always reluctant to intrude on the conversation of other men.
On second thoughts I found it necessary to warn her.
A girl like Gwendolen could hardly be expected to reside in the country.
I think it only fair to tell you the truth.
He is not the kind of student to miss classes for no reason at all.
You are wrong to suppose that Frieda might care for fishing.
Mr. Collins chanced to be there and see the accident.
You must be out of your mind to expect me to do such a silly thing.
He is not the sort of man to enjoy working in the garden.
I've never seen her cry when there are other people present.
The child has been punished several times, but punishment seems to yield no results.
Michael is said to have asked Sylvia to marry him.
What has it got to do with me?
To speak quite frankly, I don't think much of the writer.
She was permitted to sit up a few hours every day, but as often as not she failed to take the advantage.
You didn't even have the decency to drop me a postcard saying you were not coming.
I didn't have anything to do with him apart from work.
Poets and artists often draw their power to create master­pieces from nature.
He saw well enough that Mrs. Hawells was not to blame.
They are sure to take advantage of my absence.
According to their map they had still some seven miles to go.
What a night to wander out in!
What a day to go out of town!
This is the lesson to be learnt from a study of history.
The enemy was reported to have suffered heavy losses in manpower.
Scientists consider this effect to be the result of an experimental error.
This theory was found to have disagreed with practice.
Newton made use of the three laws of motion to explain the movement of the moon around the Earth and of the planets around the Sun.
Do you happen to remember who was the last to leave the laboratory?
His great ambition was to cross the Atlantic in a rowboat.
His friends tried to argue him out of it.
The more he knew, the more he desired to know.
This medicine is said to be very effective.
Bob Wilcot is expected to appear on TV tonight.
The plane was reported to have crashed while landing.
Have you heard the chairman call on all those present to support the proposal?
He made room for me to sit down.
He got out of the water only to fall in the river again.
I have always hesitated to give advice.
I cannot imagine a better place to have a rest in.
He never saw a more interesting person to speak with.
It was time before his genius came to be recognized.
Well, old man, to tell you the truth, I don't like it a little bit!
It's no use trying to persuade her to forgive him.
Bagpipes are trying instruments to perform upon.
You are at liberty to try once more.
The days begin to draw in when November comes.
In the courtroom we learnt that Ern's case was one of the first to be examined.
We made an effort to rise but our legs wouldn't support us.
His remark made her blush to the top of her ears.
He would have stopped to talk to you if he had recognized you.
I refuse to believe that he could have deceived you.
They must have changed the time-table. The train used to leave earlier.
We are happy to be working under his guidance.
They are lucky to have been taught by such a good teacher.
I want to take my words back. I'm sorry to have called you names.
To listen to Elton John is sheer delight.
This table is very convenient to work at.
Don't let's go home yet.
She felt her shoes pinch.