Everybody looked at the dancing couple.
All the people living in this hostel are students.
When crossing the street, be careful.
Feeling more at ease, he decided to have supper.
Hearing the sounds of music, we stopped talking.
There were many people in the post-office, sending parcels.
She always ate boiled eggs for breakfast.
The coat bought last year is too short for me now.
Everything written in this blank is right.
Read the translated sentence once more.
When a child, he used to be naughty.
Having garaged the car, he remembered about the keys.
The sound of the rain, pattering on the roof, got on my nerves.
She looked at the name, written in a school-boy hand.
Not being able to read, he asked his sister to do it.
Being left alone, we kept silent.
Having spread a handkerchief, he began to eat.
Having already been informed about this, I was not surprised when Maria came.
Hearing a footstep, he went to the stairs.
When writing letters, he didn't like to be disturbed.
Having written a letter, she burst out crying.
He brought a broken glass.
He was interested in the line, being laid out not far from the house.
Even the wife, who knew all his habits, was surprised at his coming.
The picture hanging on the wall shocked me.
Seizing ink and paper, she began to write.
Iam going to have the car repaired.
Arriving in this city, we were at a loss.
Judging by appearance, he was a driver.
The book, lost by my sister, was found.
Turning slowly, they left the hall.
Not having wound the alarm-clock, we overslept.
I heard the door being opened.
Being followed by a stranger, she didn't know what to do.
Having learnt the poem, she made up her mind to have a short rest.
While being asked questions, he got angry.
Having prescribed the medicine, the doctor went away.
The medicine prescribed by the doctor was bitter.
Being very tired, I went straight home.
The stories, published in this magazine, are worth reading.
She lay on the sofa reading a book.
I couldn't get the material recommended by the teacher.
Being absent-minded, he made a few mistakes while copying the story.
He closed the door softly, not wanting to wake up the child.
Not knowing how to translate this sentence, I asked a student sitting next to me to help me.
The dictionaries, taken by the students from the library, must be returned not later than 5 p.m.
While discharging the goods, the workers came across a number of bags damaged by sea water.
He stood at the window, thinking of his past.
My friend sat on the sofa, smoking a cigar.
I found the things unpacked.
I wanted to have my coat cleaned.
Turning over the corner, I saw a beautiful building.
Having worked in this field for many years, he knew everything very well.
She didn't say a word, being filled with the sense of confidence.
They were indeed old friends, having studied at school together.
Seizing all her things, she ran out of the flat.
The fence surrounding the garden was newly painted.
The two girls, who had been doing the room, left it.
He looked at the flying plane.
When (while) going home, I met my neighbour.
A broken cup was lying on the carpet.
The answer, written in pencil, was considered (to be) a mistake.
A boy, throwing stones, was laughing loudly.
My children, who had been throwing stones into the river, went home.
Stones, thrown from the bank of the river, sink to the bottom.
Look, the stones, being thrown by this boy, fly (fall down) farthest of all.
He looks worried and partly lost.
I have never been so deceived in a man as I was in Mr. Brown.
Her words didn't sound convincing.
It must have been very painful to see your house occupied by strangers.
Do you want to have your tickets delivered?
She left me suddenly as if desiring to cut short our talk.
He hated all the people at the station having once been one of them himself.
Not knowing where Mr. Brown lived, she decided to find out his address.
Though having started very late, we came to the appointed place on time.
Frankly speaking, the news was alarming.
Having admitted he loved Ann, Mr. Brown was frightened.
He hesitated for a moment, not knowing what to say.
Having told what he knew, the witness went away.
When asked a direct question, he told everything very quickly.
After her husband's death she was broken.
He entered the room accompanied by his servant.
She couldn't say a word shocked by his proposal.
It was an old woman wearing glasses.
He lay on his bed smoking a cigarette.
She didn't even look at the murdered man.
Paralyzed with terror she didn't know where to go.
I watched (was watching) the luggage registered.
She was found lying in the garden.
If you want things done well, do them yourself.
When a person has pain in his/her teeth, he (she) goes to a dentist to have the holes in the teeth filled.
You must have your blood tested.
The next day I had my ticket delivered to the hotel I was staying at.
The books ordered here are usually sent by post.
The books ordered last month have not arrived yet.
Having ordered the books, we went home.
The man who ordered the books, was a stranger (to me).
Having been kept in the reading-room for ten days, the books were returned to the funds.
I hope, the conclusions being drawn are based on recent finds.
It is known that the language spoken by these tribes was Germanic.
I rushed to the bushes following the policeman.
She entered the hall followed by her pet-dog.
Strictly speaking, the doctor was not right.
Being tired he decided to go to bed.
He being tired, I decided not to disturb him.
The conference being over, the participants went on an excursion.
Their work completed, the secretaries left.
There being nobody in the room, he decided to wait.
I often hear his manners discussed.
The substance being investigated is first weighed.
The substance thus obtained was pure.
The teachers invited to our college are graduates of the pedagogical university.
The paper referred to seems to have been written in the XIXth century.
Having been examined three times, the patient was allowed to take medicine at home.
Unless heated, such pies are not tasty.
My colleagues being away, I had to take the decision myself.
Weather permitting, the astronomer will proceed with his observation.
The signal given, the rocket starts immediately.
We continued our work, with our assistants helping us.
This question is rather complicated, belonging to the history of the English language.
The article, published in a small magazine, remained unknown.
He watched the temperature gradually rising.
Realizing that he hadn't (didn't have) enough money and not wanting to borrow from his father, he decided to pawn his watch.
Not knowing the language and having no friends in the town, he found it hard to get work.
Having failed the exam twice, he made up his mind to stop studying.
Having been warned about the bandits, she left her valuables at home.
Tom, horrified at what he had done, could at first say nothing.
When using this medicine, follow the instructions.
I want this work done quickly.
Arriving at our town, he brought bad news.
I heard your name being mentioned.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
The woman who had been sending a parcel, left the post-of­fice.
I was left waiting in the yard.
The letter having been written, I hid it in my pocket.
Don't keep me waiting.
He is very pleased with my work.
It was a badly-planned flat.
Strange as it may seem, but you look troubled.
The patient had an arm broken.
When speaking English, pay attention to the word-order.
Name the places visited by you last year.
It being Sunday, they went to church.
There being nothing else on the table, he said he wasn't hungry.
The concert being over, the lottery came next.
All the preparations having been made, he went downstairs.
He heard them coming up the sandy road, their voices ringing through the quietness.
They continued their way, the boy sobbing quietly.
She stood silent, her lips pressed together.
Andrew followed his father with his heart beating fast.
The girl went along the street, with tears rolling down her cheeks.
Time permitting, we'll go to the museum.
Not knowing her address, I couldn't send her a letter.
Supported unanimously, the project was approved.
I think he is the best poet living.
I saw the monument being photographed.
He had his flat redecorated.
I'll have my car repaired next month.
The situation being favourable, they bought the shares.
The woman, staring at me, was in the strange clothes.
Looking about, he stumbled over something.
She sat with her elbows resting on the table.
Not wanting to admit it openly, she certainly fell in love with Peter.
Having chosen teaching for her career, she was disappointed at it later.
People, dedicating their life to constant creativity, tend to get (have) insomnia.
When being at a Parent-Teachers association meeting, he couldn't help being angry.
I want him well thrashed.
Behaving in a different way, he felt remorse.
Having established himself as the master of a new style, he had a great number of clients.
The girl having dark areas under her eyes was seriously ill.
Why do you prefer to walk bare-headed?
Having lived many years under good conditions, he couldn't get used to the changes in his life.
I think it is interesting for the newcomers to know the traditions of our club.
Having been struck by his behaviour, we couldn't say a word.
When crossing a street, look left first, then - right.
Our flat, facing the East, is very light.
Sitting (when sitting) on the grass, we admired the beauty of the landscape.
I saw her watching (watch) ducks, floating on the pond.
How beautiful is this district, lined with trees!
We are hardly ever able to visit our relatives, living out-of-town.
So in the end we were allowed to watch a surgeon operating on a patient.
Having turned everything upside down, they left the flat in a mess.
Having agreed to help my brother, I am to get up earlier than usual tomorrow.
He looked at a festive dinner, rubbing his hands (together).
Are there any facts, providing Mr. Thomson's guilt?
I saw him sitting motionless at the table.
Having been invited to our place, he made himself at home very quickly.
Holding on to a branch, he climbed a little higher.
The lesson being over, everybody was making noise.
I know many people, being fond of theatre.
We always take dried fruit with us when we go on a hike.
Butter kept in a fridge is always fresh.
The expected reply came the next day.
Throw away the broken plates. I don't like broken things in the house.
Lost time is never found again.
Weil begun is half done.
Easier said than done.
The temperature being 100 degrees, the water began to boil.
The machines are assembled here, with many parts arriving from other factories.
His leg hurting him, he couldn't continue the journey.
Water being denser than air, the speed of sound is less.
Circumstances being suitable, Jack decided to take the job offered him.
This being the second heart attack he had that month, they thought the situation was very serious.
They had to move very slowly, the road being new to them.
There being no cure for the disease, there was nothing the doctors could do for him.
There wasn't a moment to lose, with the ship sinking fast.
They decided to move to another town, the climate being better there.
Towering in front of the explorers, rose a great range of mountains covered with ice.
The game, if lost, might cost him a fortune.
They did all, as instructed.
When interviewed, the scientist refused to comment on the latest discovery.
When completed, the new building will house all of the ba­sic laboratories.
They carried out a number of experiments using the most up-to-date methods and equipment.
Special mention must be made of the extensive research now being conducted in bio-chemistry.
Knowing the harmful effects of the rays, they took special precautions.
Plants grown in the dark are always colourless, chlorophyll becoming green only under the action of light.
The matter being so urgent, they had to reconsider the original plan.
Flo kept on smiling, good temper being her special charm.
The outside temperature being ten degrees below zero, it was unusually cold inside.
The mission carried out, they were granted a three day leave.
I have something to be thankful for, all things considered.
She heard the rain beating against the window.
Monica spent the evening phoning her friends.
They had a kitchen-garden providing them with vegetables in the summer.
Having run into serious difficulties, I could count on your support and understanding.
Ours is a long-standing friendship.
Students, studying a foreign language, should read authentic literature.
Emma came to the party, though still refusing to dance.
The wind came whirling from the mountains.
The sea rough and choppy, I missed my usual swim that day.
Adrian watched Nicky making his favourite salad.
Michael had his ear pierced to annoy his parents.
It can take days or weeks to get your telephone repaired.
How on earth did you manage to have your car repaired so cheaply?
He had his driving license endorsed by the police for dan­gerous driving.
I'd like my tyres checked, please. And the tank filled.
Mind that you don't have your fingers caught in the door.
The dog strolled away with an earnest air, reappearing a few minutes afterwards, with a dead water-rat in his mouth.
Finding himself at Dallas, he put up at the "Bull".
We were pleased with the rooms assigned to us in this inn.
If left to himself, Montmorency would chase cats.
When called, he would appear immediately.
It was an old country inn furnished very modestly.
Not knowing German properly he could not order his breakfast.
I read the report through again, making notes.
Seating ourselves at one of the little tables we called the waiter.
Dressed in this white frock she looks even more charming than usual.
Breakfast ordered, he began looking through his German conversation book.
Jerome and Harris scraped the potatoes, George giving advice.
The potatoes peeled, they began to cook an Irish stew.
It being too late to sail on past Reading, we decided to go back.
There being nothing but silly dialogues in the conversation book, it was of no use for him.
Seeing the kettle boiling, Montmorency growled and ran away.
Having a headache, Harris objected to George playing banjo.
A spluttering and steaming kettle always aroused his curiosity.
If determined to have a fight, Montmorency would not hesitate.
A promise accounts to little unless kept.
He would growl and back at a rapid rate, with his tail shut down.
The rain having stopped, they climbed out of the tent.
Nobody objecting, George began playing his banjo.
George played his banjo, his friends listening to the music in silence.
He did not answer, feeling himself in an utterly false position.
Fifty yards away was the pretty little cottage with the vegetable garden stretching away to the wood.
She found herself in a wretched little kitchen, lighted by a little lamp.
The dog, having walked round the three small flower-beds, had also taken a seat in front of old Jolyon.
She called Helen, telling her that Charles was upset.
She came stealing up the stairs, with a kitten in her arms.
Noticing that they were no longer alone, he turned and began examining the luster.
The windows of the drawing-room opened on to a balcony overlooking the garden.
She had her growing babies to take care of.
They went off hand in hand, little Holly looking back over her shoulder.
He had left his wife sitting on the sofa in the drawing-room, her hands crossed in her lap, manifestly waiting for him to go out.
He walked rapidly, his head bent, looking neither to the right nor left.
The child sat facing Margaret with unflickering eyes.
I walked down to the beach to bathe, and my uncle, having something to do in the town, walked part of the way with me.
We were stunned by the acrobats balancing on top of each other with incredible ease.
I felt terrified when the lion-tamer put his hands into the lion's mouth.
The children were disappointed when they were not invited to ride on the elephants' backs.
He looked around the coffee-shop packed with people and moved to the table marked "Reserved".
She refused to see him for reasons already mentioned.
I reached for the glass held out to me.
While painting the gate he sang an old song stopping at times to admire his work.
"I don't know if I see what you are driving at," he said with a hurt expression.
She rose and, telling me to follow her, walked on, laughing and talking.
He shook his head and then broke out with violence “I won't have Carl hurt”.
When annoyed, he went to his room and locked in.
She is a terror when roused.
At last she came in, flashed, handsome, browning.
He was a large man, with thinning brown hair.
Passing the Comedy Theatre I happened to look up and saw the clouds lit by the setting sun.
Douglas was seen still smiling sweetly in spite of his growing anger.
A minute ago he was seen engaged in a lively conversation.
He kept his eyes fixed on mine till I had finished speaking.
The smoke drifted away and the camp lay revealed at the foot of the mountain.
I am sure this information will have to be made known.
But I hear you are constantly seen drunk in the middle of the afternoon.
Arriving at the small building she found it locked and deserted.
You'll never guess where I had the suit made.
It's all past — all over and finished with. I don't want it raked up.
She was seen standing with her arms folded, smoking, star­ing thoughtlessly.
The choice made, she ran up to him.
Curiously excited, he listened to their whispered conversation.
They sat on a fallen tree that made a convenient seat.
Smoke could be seen rising from the village.
She felt the tears blinding her eyes and looked away, trying to hide her emotions.
Are you going to spend your life saying "ought", like the rest of our moralists?
The man was found grovelling on the floor.
The old woman was heard shrieking in short bursts like a ship in a fog.
When the door closed, Mike and I were left looking at each other.
I felt I had been caught boasting.
About that time the hurricane was reported tramping its way out in our direction.
One afternoon in August I saw something that surprised me and set me thinking.
He looked at Jane wiping her tear-wet face.
I pictured myself sitting by his bed, nursing him.
Sitting idly at his desk, he puffed away at a cigar and watched, the blue smoke curling.
Arriving he found me reading "Tom Jones".
Just as I got to the end of the corridor, I heard my telephone ringing again.
I don't like you driving back alone.
I didn't want any outsiders invited to the rehearsal.
I could feel a pulse beating madly in my head.
I could hear furniture being smashed.
I saw them running up the stairs, brimming with excitement.
I made to go out, but Roger, browning, shook his head.
Knowing he could not go to Alice, he tried to telephone her.
Seeing their discomfort, Mrs. Ape softened and smiled.
You missed all that excitement living abroad.
He went downstairs, holding on the banisters on the way down.
Joining our group, Diana was avid for action.
Often, when boasting of his deceits, he sounded childlike and innocent.
She lacked the courage to drop cosmetics altogether when going out with Keith.
He listened, as though brooding.
She stopped speaking, as though waiting for him to speak.
Himself a man of no education, though possessing remarka­ble wit, he placed little value on book knowledge.
He always stopped if passing on a wet night, and sniffed and enjoyed that skunk smell.
So taking all things into consideration, I decided to tear the article up.