We had to debate with two speakers expressing the opposing view.
Her smile broadened when I told her the good news.
People with different points of view coalesce into opposing factions.
She laughed loudly and without inhibition.
There is no convincing evidence to support his theory.
She presented a convincing argument against the proposal.
She is being considered for inclusion in the England team.
He has never advocated or used violence.
The doctor advocated a smoking ban in the entire house
He admired the inclusion of so many ideas in such a short work.
The fruit was ready for shipping.
The constant criticism was beginning to undermine her confidence.
There are additional charges for shipping and handling.
The scandal threatened to undermine the institution of the Presidency.
Tape the shipping label to the box.
There's not enough interaction between the management and the workers.
The film has gotten some good publicity.
the degree of interaction between teacher and student
They examine their products for defects.
All the cars are tested for defects before they leave the factory.
I blush to admit that I haven't read it.
When I see the prices that tourists are charged, I blush for my country.
The extra publicity helped to increase the company's visibility.
She's just bought a loft in Manhattan.
Customers flocked into the store.
The children flocked round their mother.
tomato sauce made with garlic, paprika, and pepper
The hard rain flattened the tomato plants.
Aspiration is a pure desire for excellence.
The Bureau is active in promoting overseas investment.
A correspondent in the Middle East bureau just filed a new report on the coup.
The committee deferred their decision.
He deferred to his partner in everything.
I'll defer to your advice.
Her purse slid out of her hands.
Surplus cheese distributed to the needy
Surplus cash can be invested.
She works part-time at the restaurant.
She wants to work part-time after she's had the baby.
She finally picked her successor.
He exited the courtroom in a fury.
He turned away from them in fury.
I've never seen her look so angry.
There was a ground swell of antiwar sentiment.
The accident happened at the junction of Forest Road and Pine Walk.
Take the M6 to Junction 19.
His father died unexpectedly.
The philanthropist unexpectedly deeded his entire fortune to the animal shelter.
Strip the beds and wash the sheets.
The prisoners were stripped naked.
Literary texts, like all other works of art, have a historical context.
This small battle is very important in the context of Scottish history.
He slid with the stolen money.
She experienced complications during her pregnancy.
Pneumonia is one of the common complications faced by bed-ridden patients.
The new president found it difficult to change the way the bureaucracy worked.
She has a very cold and impersonal manner.
I hate staying in hotels., they're so impersonal.
The bureaucracy paralyzes the entire operation.
She was rumoured to be a millionaire.
He opposed a policy of American isolation.
The article represents the millionaire as a simple family man.
The future of health care cannot be considered in isolation from economic factors.
Retirement can often cause feelings of isolation.
My jeans are in the wash.
Her jeans had holes at the knees.
Do you understand the system of classification used in ornithology?
We encountered problems early in the project.
I first encountered him when studying at Cambridge.
The city is working to improve public transportation.
Our transportation system is designed to answer the needs of the city's commuters.
Eggs are sold by the dozen.
There was a big group of a dozen people at the table next to theirs.
Only about a sixth of the town voted for her.
Henry the Sixth
Your threats don't scare me.
You scared me. I didn't see you there.
Please take out the garbage.
The forest is part of the king's domain.
Education is this government's top priority.
Most people feel that education needs to be given higher priority.
Henry the Fifth
The bill is due on the fifth of each month.
My mother made my life hell.
The traffic was hell this morning.
The machine suddenly stopped pumping.
Hey, what's up?
There are many parallels between the stories.
companies that make electronic components for computer products
Their test results parallel our own.
Rapid electronic communication is now a fact.
The screening of the film will be on the 2nd of April, 2002.
The airline had been screening baggage on X-ray machines.
She raised her eyebrows with a dubious expression.
The judge stayed the execution order
Use this product only in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
Article 47 may only be used in accordance with international law.
Fire precautions were neglected.
Save your work often as a precaution against computer failure.
Meanwhile, philosophers debate whether it's right to clone an individual.
Wait several seconds before deploying the parachute.
The medicine had a bitter aftertaste.
She died of a brain tumour.
The college offers classes in computer programming and engineering.
A solicitor must have a current practising certificate.
He is next in line for the throne.
She is the holder of an honorary degree.
She was seated upon a throne.
Season-ticket holders are furious at the rise in rail fares.
Ideally, this will remove all problems.
Ideally, he should complete the task immediately.
Parents need to be fully informed so they can make a rational decision.
What I'd like us to do is put our cards on the table and discuss the situation in a rational manner.
Man is a rational animal.
My swim was very refreshing.
It is refreshing to hear some good news about him.
His testimony is of no relevance to the case.
He sent the manuscript to his publisher.
The media were present in large numbers.
I will lend you my car
I lent our ladder to the neighbors.
If you need money, I can lend you some.
The crisis is merely a phantom made up by the media.
He leaned his rifle against the wall
Tod's grandfather taught him to shoot a rifle.
Allie was the second best shooter on the rifle team.
His glands were swollen and painful.
Could we move the meeting to Thursday?
The window frame was swollen shut.
Don't use that rude tone of voice with me.
She had that superior tone of voice.
Our genetic inheritance cannot be changed.
She is the backbone of the family.
Farmers are the backbone of this community.
The inheritance was equitably divided among the sisters.
The buildings are part of the city's architectural inheritance.
Do you hold a British passport?
He pretended deafness.
Her muteness was a consequence of her deafness.
She's completely deaf in her right ear.
The novel is written from a child's perspective.
You have to follow the correct bureaucratic procedures.
The Hubble Telescope has allowed astronomers to make significant discoveries about our galaxy.
I am not easily persuaded.
They persuaded us that we were wrong.
The snow was icy and white, contrasting with the brilliant blue sky.
Heavy traffic is causing delays on the freeway.
A crash on the eastbound side of the freeway is blocking traffic.
You must present documentary proof of your residence.
One of the most useful sources of documentary evidence is maps.
A confidentiality clause was added to the contract.
Stay on the trail if we get separated.
She was tired and sleepy.
The bus left a trail of black smoke behind it.
The police trailed him for days.
I was so sleepy, I couldn't keep my eyes open.
He sent a memo to the staff.
There is somebody netting the stream.
You might find something on the Net.
Armed robbers netted £316 million.
He is but a child.
What can we do but sit and wait?
How do you interpret his behavior?
Every actor interprets the role of Hamlet a little differently.
We were criticized for our actions.
He was put in the awkward position of having to write the memo.
Usually we are not happy with what we see in ourselves or in our lives.
She is working on a desktop video project.
Hot water shrank the sweater.
Alcohol can alter a person's mood.
I'll need to have the dress altered before the wedding.
He altered his will to leave everything to his sister.
She had the dress altered for the wedding.
Nothing can alter the fact that the refugees are our responsibility.
Who is it? — It's me.
Stop, you're hurting me.
His shyness was a handicap in his job.
She finds it a bit of a handicap to live without a phone.
It is hopeless trying to screen your child from the harmful effects of television.
Women are more at risk from the harmful effects of alcohol than men.
The price of gasoline has crept back up to three dollars a gallon.
These new methods reduce the need to use harmful chemicals on crops.
You'll need sunglasses that will cut out harmful UV rays from the sun.
Life was hard when I was a lad.
Things were different when I was a lad.
The whale was 50 feet long.
These plants had a different vulgar name in every province.
The smell of freshly baked bread filled the room.
However, the overstock of grain is still a headache in the province.
I've never been so confused.
If you're confused about anything, phone me.
I'm totally confused. Could you explain that again?
The little boy missed his mother terribly.
Suddenly she knew that something was terribly wrong.
She assumed from his expression that he was confused.
These spices were first brought to Italy from the East in medieval times.
You really gave us a scare!
Your threats don't scare me.
All our products are fully guaranteed.
This watch is guaranteed for 24 months.
We played hockey all afternoon.
Ice hockey is a contact sport.
The president must have the highest ethical standards.
The information is publicly available.
Some residents were frightened to talk publicly.
This project is in urgent need of funding.
The virus has infected many people.
The plane lost it's altitude.
At high altitudes it is difficult to get enough oxygen.
I have no option (open).
There was no satisfactory option.
It embarrassed him to be caught cheating.
I would never do anything to embarrass my family.
The company is now dominant in its market.
The disease is under the control of a single dominant gene.
From that day onwards the situation worsened.
He'll be here tomorrow from about seven o'clock onwards.
It's his compliance that amazes me.
I received the packet of legal papers today.
I bet that car cost him a packet.
The socket allows connection to a PC.
Schools, churches, and stores are all convenient from here.
The thieves got scared and ran away.
Their manufacturing methods are hopelessly out-of-date.
The church is a magnificent specimen of baroque architecture.
He wears a cheap watch that's always breaking.
Mary coloured up when Jim praised her cooking.
Her eyes suddenly met his and she coloured slightly.
Aspiration is a pure desire for excellence.
They explored the furthest reaches of space.
My hair is naturally curly.
She has curly hair and blue eyes.
We did six or eight hours in the saddle every day.
He fought like a tiger.
He was a tiger on the basketball court.
She disciplined herself to exercise every day.
The book gives parents advice on discipline.
The indirect way's the nearest.
His presence rays life into every part of the drama.
Earlier today I saw my cousin.
I stumbled across a long-lost cousin last night in a restaurant.
Flu is highly infectious.
Their enthusiasm is infectious.
United Kingdom
He was instrumental in developing links with European organizations.
Are you inferring that I'm wrong?
The disease had reduced Harry to a skeleton.
We agreed on a skeleton outline of the proposal.
Use plenty of packing.
Do you need a hand packing?
Bob is head lion keeper at the zoo.
Am I my brother's keeper?
Jealousy is an ugly emotion.
Let them go outdoors and play.
The game is meant to be played outdoors.
The tribunal found in favour of the defendant.
An international tribunal was formed to deal with war crimes.
The drama's symbolism was very ideological.
That case is under the jurisdiction of this court.
The committee has jurisdiction over all tax measures.
The instructions specify how the medicine is to be taken.
Could you please specify your criticism of my paper?
Her back arches.
She arched backward to begin the exercise.
She kept insisting on her innocence.
Can you prove your innocence?
You don't need an umbrella - it's only spitting.
The printer came to life and spat out a sheet of paper.
Ethics is a branch of philosophy.
The company explained their management philosophy.
His voice had a strangely familiar ring.
I am uncertain about the outcome.
The cause of the fire is uncertain.
My whole future now seemed uncertain.
He was convicted of attempted rape.
A rebel group attempted to seize power.
The country's decision to go to war has caused a major dilemma for its allies.
He was in a dilemma, and could see no way out.
Ideally, this will remove all problems.
They were ideally suited to one another.
Ideally, your car should have high security locks.
Just bin that letter.
The hops are picked into bins or baskets.
Normally, I park behind the theatre.
How do you normally dress for work?
the establishment of a scientific fact
Commercial establishments remain closed today.
Scientists hypothesize that the dinosaurs were killed by a giant meteor.
The ship was barely visible.
There was a visible change in his mood.
The turtles return to the coast to reproduce.
We may never know what motivated him to kill his wife.
A good teacher has to be able to motivate her students.
Genius usually follows a revolutionary path
Snow is a phenomenon of winter.
the greatest literary phenomenon of the decade
The movie eventually became a cultural phenomenon.
The firm must compensate you for your travelling costs.
His enthusiasm compensates for his lack of skill.
The nation must arouse from its unwillingness to work.
This movie usually arouses the male audience.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
I hope it's sunny tomorrow.
The weather was bright and sunny.
There have been some contradictions in his statements.
You can say what you like without fear of contradiction.
He was frantic with pain.
He frantically searched for the key.
They were making frantic preparations for the party.
Their firm specializes in trading bonds.
The policeman chased the mugger down the alley
She is covering for our secretary who is ill this week
The range of clothing styles has become more varied.
varied ethnic traditions of the immigrants
We saw people yelling for help.
They yelled at him to stop.
The sun shone brightly.
The moon shone brightly in the sky.
External doors should be of robust construction.
The festivities will commence with a parade.
The country has commenced preparations for war.
The company had an increase in turnover this quarter.
We want to find ways to speed up inventory turnover.
Everybody wants to practise their English on me.
The house is built on the site of a medieval prison.
The kitchen was in chaos.
When the police arrived, the street was in total chaos.
This would be a radical departure from the subsidy system.
He blushed at the compliment.
I blush to admit it, but you've caught me in an error.
Back in the 1980s, they were attempting to forge a new kind of rock music.
In 1776 the United States forged an alliance with France.
She is being considered for inclusion in the England team.
With the recent inclusions there will be 28 delegates in all.
Could you lend me twenty quid, mate?
He answered me very rudely.
Sam rudely ignored the question.
We were rudely awakened by the storm.
She came home from work and collapsed on the sofa.
The country's economy is on the point of collapse.
Man is a rational animal.
What I'd like us to do is put our cards on the table and discuss the situation in a rational manner.
The seminar was very relaxed—we met at the professor's house instead of the lecture hall.
This word is quite a mouthful for a small child.
Her real name is a bit of a mouthful, so we just call her Dee.
a monthly allowance for household expenses
the recommended daily allowance of vitamin C
I have to inject myself with insulin.
This drug works best if it is injected directly into the bloodstream.
They need to inject more money into sports facilities.
All the animals fled from the fire.
He was forced to flee the country.
Many people fled the city to escape the fighting.
A handwritten note was tacked to the wall.
Each room I've stayed in has a cracked basin in the bathroom.
Fill the basin with the cake mixture.
Exercise can sometimes provide a boost of energy.
The win boosted the team's confidence.
The enemy launched an invasion.
The people live under a constant threat of invasion.
He joined the defense against invasion.
The council is debating the Chief Constable's policing methods.
Why risk life and limb (=risk your life and health) jumping out of a plane just to raise money for charity?
It was as chilly as if it had been October.
The electoral commission accused the government party of ballot-rigging.
The company charges an annual fee of $45.
We had more snow this year than the average annual amount.
How much does this savings certificate pay annually?
He refused my offer of hospitality.
They returned our hospitality in full measure.
That's very thoughtful of you.
It was very thoughtful of you to bring flowers.
I am not so stupid as to believe him.
It was late, so I went home.
If you want to go home, just say so.
So this is just a copy?
Hey, what's up?
Jill has such a lovely relaxed temperament.
The criterion of repeatability (of experiments) is not fulfilled.
The pressure of his fingers had relaxed.
Teachers do not have a monopoly on educational debate.
You need more protein in your diet.
These foods have all of the essential proteins.
These foods are an excellent source of protein.
The book has an ingenious plot.
It was ingenious of her to solve the problem so quickly.
A monopoly is an industry in which there is one seller.
She answered all our questions frankly.
Frankly, I'd rather stay at home than go to the movies tonight.
It was a fitting end to their rivalry.
He wrote the manual on car care.
A tile floor underlies the rug.
Many women do hard manual labour (=work with their hands).
She spent the summer doing manual labor on her uncle's farm.
She succeeded on her last attempt.
Finding a cheap place to rent is a virtual impossibility in this area.
He was the last one out of the building.
I last saw him in the supermarket.
The Italian language is one of Latin's descendants.
The Web site provides a virtual tour of the stadium.
Many people in this area are descendants of German immigrants.
What leads to the transformation of one economic system to another?
I make weekly trips to the grocery store.
The grocery store included a meat market.
I need to make a stop at the grocery store on the way home.
She drew an analogy between childbirth and the creative process.
The operation of a computer presents and interesting analogy to the working of the brain.
She set high goals for herself at the outset of her career.
From its very outset, the company has produced the highest quality products.
Their work was well below par.
Which flavor do you want - chocolate or vanilla?
This coffee has a rich nutty flavour.
She was determined to win.
The President has again collided with Congress over his budget plans.
I was determined to get at the truth.
He was determined to get out of prison.
a spokesman for the cattle industry
A spokesman said that the company had improved its safety standards.
He gave the customer a demonstration.
The demonstration continued after a break for lunch.
I presume we'll be there by six o'clock.
Each of you will make a speech, I presume?
I presume that someone will be there to meet us when we arrive.
The frequent occurrence of earthquakes in the area means that the buildings must be specifically designed to withstand the force.
Set aside a period of time specifically for study.
She claimed that I cheated at chess.
She left us a legacy of a million dollars.
The war left a legacy of pain and suffering.
Don't look at my cards — that's cheating.
He maintains Islam must adapt to modern society.
He heaped him with work
She left her dirty clothes in a heap on the floor.
Islam is predominant in northern Africa, the Middle East, Pakistan, and Indonesia.
The next presidential election is due in two years.
People are watching this presidential race very carefully.
The child clung desperately to her mother.
They desperately wanted a son.
Many of the families are desperately poor.
Freud believed in the utility of play to a small child.
a plan without much practical utility
There are five categories of workers.
People were standing fascinated at the spectacle of a rocket launching.
Her paintings never fail to fascinate.
She outlined what I would be doing.
The surface of the pavement soon became very uneven.
I'll give you a broad outline of the plan.
Always write an outline for your essays.
He fell and his head struck the pavement.
His head was whirling with excitement.
Six months after he left, she was still pining.
Church services will be held in the chapel this week.
Pine trees stood straight along the path.
My father expected perfection from all of us.
The process is both lengthy and costly.
Her performance was pure perfection.
We use less costly materials in our products.
They killed four policemen while robbing a bank.
The thieves robbed the passengers of all their money and jewels.
You will receive an exceptional package with uncapped earnings.
Don't forget to brush your teeth.
They brushed aside our suggestion.
Her long skirt brushed the floor.
You should allocate tasks among members of the group.
We need to determine the best way to allocate our resources.
Several patients were waiting to be allocated a bed.
Crime on the island is comparatively rare.
At the opposite end of the political spectrum are the Marxist theories.
Comparatively few books have been written on the subject.
She quit college after one semester.
What classes are you taking this semester?
As a student I jobbed during the semester breaks.
Her music is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the music her mother made.
The book is under copyright.
He is thinking about changing occupations and becoming a police officer.
Some evidence of human occupation was found in these caves.
What are you two muttering about?
'I never want to come here again,' he muttered to himself.
A general colouring was taken from Christianity.
He smiled pleasantly.
We had a pleasant conversation.
He is an extremely pleasant and obliging man.
They were able to determine the cause of the accident by careful reconstruction of the events leading up to it.
The jury decided that Walker had acted in self-defence.
Alice Walker's novel was a real revelation to me.
Openness is at the heart of the American character.
A butterfly flits from flower to flower.
They competed in the butterfly.
The harmony of sea and sky
The intelligence agency remained secretive despite the media's demands for more openness in government.
I do believe it is possible for different ethnic groups to live together in harmony.
We must never lose sight of the fact that man must work in harmony with nature.
There's still some space for a bookshelf.
If you had a spark of honesty / courage / decency
She was momentarily lost for words.
It was alleged that the policeman had accepted bribes.
Aspiration is a pure desire for excellence.
I need to consult with my lawyer.
Do you wish to consult me professionally?
I expect to be consulted on important decisions.
He just thought I was ribbing him.
The brightness of the outer world is mirrored in imperishable verse.
She knew that he was there.
She brought honour to her family.
He is an honour to his school.
I know all that is necessary.
I am that I am.
The climate here is like that of France.
The same proposition cannot be at once true and false.
He was helpless in an important sector of his life.
More than 17.6 million firms compose the business sector of our economy.
the varying angles of roof slope
The boxer won the match by knockout.
She has a lifestyle which most people would envy.
Her lifestyle is rather unconventional.
She increased her wealth substantially.
Most kids don't need much persuasion to use computers.
After consultation with the judge, lawyers decided to drop the case.
The decision was reached after consultation with parents and teachers.
The town decided to close the park without any consultation with town residents.
I am most productive in the morning.
The movie's special effects included the use of many composite photographs.
Some staff members are more productive than others.
I had a very productive day.
Scientists have isolated the gene that causes the disease.
I nearly died of embarrassment.
When he wants to work, he isolates himself in his office and won't talk to anyone.
It is impossible to isolate political responsibility from moral responsibility.
These influences threaten the very framework of our society.
The book provides a general framework for understanding modern politics.
He rubbed his hands together with embarrassment.
You need specialist knowledge to do this job.
He turned his attention inward.
The equipment is complex and requires specialist knowledge to be repaired.
The Moscow Symphony Orchestra is here on tour.
She's a specialist in modern French literature.
After a long discussion, they decided in favour of (=chose) the older applicant.
The successful applicant will be working closely with our international staff.
The last thunderous chord of the symphony rang throughout the hall.
They worked with a travel agent to plan their vacation.
He must also pay a commission, usually five percent, to his London agent.
He works with a therapist to improve his speech.
The therapist judged that Margaret had made a serious attempt to kill herself.
The team failed to retain him, and he became a free agent.
The pain was so intense I couldn't sleep.
She has an intense dislike for her husband's friend.
Australia was once a penal colony.
Competition for the job was intense.
After many years of intense study, he received his medical degree.
He shielded his eyes from the intense flash of light.
Union leaders allegedly received huge payoffs from the company's bosses.
I don't claim to be a feminist, but I'd like to see more women in top jobs.
The President hasn't been forceful enough in changing the judicial system.
Mr Crowther asked for judicial review of the decision (=an examination of the decision by a judge).
Army engineers were called in to construct the canal.
There are plans to construct a new road bridge across the river.
Pardon my intrusion.
I don't really like classical music.
She was well acquainted with classical literature.
Churchill was installed as Chancellor of the university.
The running of internal affairs was given over to the Chancellor.
He hoped that his pretended interest in classical music would impress the boss.
He was able to offset his travel expenses against tax.
It was absolutely hysterical! I've never laughed so much.
I eat a lot of pasta.
He has a healthy appetite.
Would you like some salad with your pasta?
Prepare the sauce while the pasta is cooking.
They serve pasta and many other foods besides.
What are you doing Sunday?
The band is wildly popular in Cuba.
A body which always casts a circular shadow must itself be spherical.
I'm not wildly enthusiastic about seeing them.
a rather circular discussion of the problem that never addresses it directly
The spectators cheered him wildly.
Important names and dates in each chapter are highlighted.
The government may impose tariffs on imports.
This service is not tariffed.
A stiff tariff was imposed on tobacco products.
She was taken into custody as a suspect.
She mortgaged her house in order to buy the restaurant.
She has sole custody of her daughter.
The frog swallowed the fly whole.
They hope to pay off the mortgage on their home soon.
The frog darted its tongue at a fly.
They want a chance to do meaningful work.
He wanted to feel that his job was meaningful.
The test did not produce any meaningful results.
The company has softened its stance on dating in the workplace.
The odds are in our favour.
He survived the cancer against all odds.
A fortnight hence I shall be free as air.
I spooned out some soup to each of the guests.
Everyone needs a little bit of encouragement.
He was scared stiff.
He countered with some very persuasive arguments.
The country is entering a period of prosperity.
There's a hole in the bucket and the water is leaking out.
We used two buckets of paint to paint the living room.
We're just now entering an era of great prosperity.
Not a molecule of sense in that girl.
Bucketing water from the well, we raced to put out the fire.
Molecular weight is the sum of all the atoms in a molecule.
Farming is his main source of income.
He felt there was no future in farming.
The land is perfect for sheep farming.
My uncle has been farming this land for 60 years.
The bubble burst.
They saw air bubbles in the water.
The chicken was fried in hot oil.
I realized I had made a fatal error.
The unusually hot sun has fried up the crops.
We watched a helicopter flying low over the harbour.
With great skill, he piloted the boat (in)to the little harbour.
They are always borrowing from us.
They were arrested on 6th October.
The company is a monument to Sir Peter's energy and vision.
They are followers of Buddhism.
She converted to Buddhism.
Keep your speed down.
The house has burnt down.
The country is opposed to war.
Please sit down.
The bulk of the work is finished.
It is cheaper to buy it in bulk.
It's much cheaper to buy in bulk (=buy large quantities of something).
She hesitated to act.
I sometimes hesitate to say what I am really thinking.
the period of transition to full democracy
The new government has promised a smooth transition of power.
I'm still doing research for my thesis.
You should number the pages of the thesis.
The ship is in distress.
The girl was crying and clearly in distress.
the first house in town to have an indoor water closet
He was as brown as a berry after two weeks in the sun.
I went with herds of schoolgirls nutting and berrying.
This new computer is a technological wonder.
The movie was full of biblical imagery.
Companies are finding it hard to cope with the quickening pace of technological change.
His story does not correlate with the facts.
The speed limit in urban areas is usually 30 or 40 mph.
Most of the urban poor are effectively excluded from politics.
He was young, good-looking, and physically fit.
Crime rates are significantly higher in urban areas (=towns, cities etc).
He was dead good-looking.
To complicate matters further, the law on this issue has been changed.
We'll have to start early to get there by lunchtime.
Some people prefer to eat their main meal at lunchtime.
The boat brought usual draught of wood.
The Devil is a projection of our fears and insecurities.
She prefers Mozart and Beethoven to modern composers.
She doesn't know this composer
The cemetery was vandalized during the night.
Vandals desecrated the cemetery last night by covering the tombstones with graffiti.
He was sacked for being drunk.
She was wearing only light make-up.
His rank was based solely on merit.
His good work merits a raise.
He sells spare computer components.
Hard work has been a major component of his success.
The factory must pass inspection before it becomes operative.
Absent officers were summoned to join their corps.
He was nominated as vice chairman.
Pepper makes me sneeze.
Pepper the steak well.
The rising cost of electricity provides a strong incentive to conserve energy.
I let my hair dry naturally.
The company is offering a special low price as an added incentive for new customers.
We naturally dislike being hurt.
Awards provide an incentive for young people to improve their skills.
The club provides a forum for people who share an interest in local history.
The following courses have satisfied the accreditation criteria.
The town has scheduled a public forum to discuss the proposal.
Ella was his first girlfriend.
Do you know who your representatives are?
Have you got a girlfriend?
They have accepted him as the representative of the company.
She has a healthy outlook on life.
We bought a small tree at the nursery.
Exercise will improve your looks and your outlook.
This bus makes frequent stops.
He is one of our most frequent customers.
She used to get meat cheap at the butcher's.
They've hired someone to butcher the hogs.
He worked at the frontier of brain science.
Man has advanced the frontier of physical science.
Many people have been killed.
Many of the old people were blind.
She practices good oral hygiene by brushing her teeth at least twice a day.
a mock news program with humorous riffs on current events
Is social inequality the inevitable corollary of economic freedom?
A careful driver will often stop talking before carrying out a complex manoeuvre.
The bomb was activated by remote control.
She's unlike anyone I've ever met.
He was very unlike to any other man.
Unlike his other questions, that one was very interesting.
The camera is activated by pushing a button.
Unlike most people in the office, I don't come to work by car.
In appearance John is not unlike his brother.
The clown amused the children.
We are not amused
They censused the deer in the forest
According to the latest census, the racial makeup of the town has changed dramatically in the last 50 years.
The increasing racial diversity of the US is reflected in the latest census statistics.
Those who know the most, venture the least.
We risked losing a lot of money in this venture
Don't suck your thumb, dear.
He was a dynamic personality in the business world.
His friend asked him to hazard a small sum in a business venture.
'Dr' is the written abbreviation of 'Doctor'.
The sun glared down on us.
Are you all right for money?
I wanted to make sure you were all right.
There is no justification for holding her in jail.
He made a speech in justification of his actions.
What is the gross of your earnings?
Conversely, not all women are mothers.
He claimed compensation for loss of earnings.
The party is split over the issue of immigration.
He assigned a series of problems of increasing hardness.
Key West is the southernmost city in the continental United States.
We are all made of flesh and bone.
The leopard's claws slashed through soft flesh.
They turned off the main water valve to the house.
The show will debut next Monday at 8.00pm.
I took a swallow of brandy.
She followed dinner with a brandy.
This rebel state has not been internationally recognized.
Some countries lack a suitable economic infrastructure.
people at work
The film starts at 8 o'clock.
My husband often works at night.
This internationally known writer was foully condemned by the Muslim fundamentalists.
I met my wife at a disco.
Interest rates rocketed up.
A rocket exploded with a blinding flash.
He was puzzled by the reactions to his remark.
He had a surprised, slightly puzzled look on his face.
There's another angle to this question.
You didn't measure the angle accurately.
The school has courses for elementary, intermediate, and advanced students.
We need to approach the problem from a new angle.
They will induce labor to avoid complications.
Her study of apes is a masterpiece.
No one knows what induced him to leave.
She is now under his sway.
Don't allow yourself to be swayed by his promises.
The cow accepted the bull.
Farmers castrated the bull calf.
Cisco Systems posted record profits and sales for the third fiscal quarter.
She gained some fiscal knowledge by taking an economics course.
There is some cheese in the fridge.
That fridge smells awful.
I hope there's going to be enough room in the fridge.
Please put the milk in the fridge.
The building's design is not only functional but also beautiful.
The computer network is fully functional.
This cave echoes back every word you speak.
The article contains echoes of an earlier report.
I set the basket against the door.
a basket of warm, crusty bread
Laughter echoed across the lake.
The temptation was too great to resist.
Money is always a temptation.
We were all depressed by the loss.
High interest rates may depress share prices.
Who discovered the North Pole?
What are our probabilities?
There is a low probability that you will be chosen.
There's a high probability that the children will follow a different career.
The probability of winning the lottery is really very low.
Joseph's eventual reunion with his brother
We were warmly welcomed by the villagers.
Make sure that the children are dressed warmly.
The economy has grown steadily.
We were tempted by the delicious-looking food.
The community warmly received the refugees.
It would take a lot of money to tempt me to quit this job.
They own a modest home near the beach.
We should be happy to buy it for a modest sum.
I knew him as a hard-working, modest, and honest politician.
Diets are most effective when combined with exercise.
Our success is due to the combined efforts of many people.
Heat and light are physical stimuli.
Let's do something exciting.
It was not an exciting life, but it was rather interesting.
It was one of the most exciting moments in his life.
He walked with a slight stagger.
The boy departed to execute his commission.
She gets a commission for each car she sells.
He staggered and nearly fell.
He was formerly a congressman.
Kiribati, formerly known as the Gilbert Islands
If both projects admissible, which is preferable?
In warm weather, clothes made of natural fabrics are infinitely preferable (=much better).
The new movie is a subject of controversy.
The shopkeeper saved a pound of my special cheese for me.
Time itself is the great suspender of controversy.
This hotel room is not equipped for cooking.
More money was needed to train and equip the troops.
The emergency services are equipped to deal with disasters of this kind.
Their aid is vital to our success.
Are you thirsty, my dear?
Can I have a glass of water? I'm really thirsty.
The loan enabled Jan to buy the house.
Doctors are concerned about the effects of the drug on maternal health.
Protesters proclaimed that the girl was innocent.
He proclaimed his love for her in a poem.
It isn't fashionable to express such an opinion these days.
He made friends with an old fisherman.
It suddenly became fashionable for politicians to talk about green issues.
You do talk rubbish sometimes.
I think what he says is absolute rubbish!
We are studying our country's colonial period.
We learned about the people who lived during colonial times.
At night temperatures sometimes fall to minus 30°.
The whole information was strained through the imperial filters.
He rode his cycle into town.
The water is cycled through the machine and reused.
The essence of love is unselfishness.
The dress was shaped to her figure.
This exercise develops a classically shaped body.
He strode importantly into the room.
I admire his stubborn refusal.
You always were a stubborn creature.
This is nothing more than a diversionary tactic to distract attention from the issues.
Shock tactics are being used in an attempt to stop drunk drivers.
All of the local yacht brokers were at the boat show.
The wire is held on with a metal clip.
He has no warrant for saying so.
I cannot warrant the coins to be genuine.
This tiny crowd does not warrant such a large police presence.
Nothing warranted his behaving like that.
He was not very wise.
A man came to read the electricity meter.
We sat in deadly silence.
His face had a deadly paleness.
These provisions are overridden by the fifteenth constitutional amendment.
Don't store your mind with trivial things.
I had never heard anyone speak of their parents in this way., I never even knew you could make them seem trivial.
You hung the picture upside down!
Even if you plant the seed upside down, the roots will still grow down.
The two events coincided.
Our views on this matter coincided.
Feel his forehead - he's burning up.
His face hardened momentarily, then he looked away.
I saw six healing sores on the left forehead.
She had difficulty characterizing their relationship.
The book has been translated into 37 languages.
You are plainly wrong
I saw plainly that I was wrong.
What he said is a lie, plain and simple.
It was a plain room with no curtains.
The fluid was sucked from his lungs.
The first part of that argument is plainly true.
Day slowly merged into night.
Many small companies have been forced to merge.
The car was steering right at us.
She avoided reporters at the airport by merging into the crowds.
I entered the numbers wrong.
You're wrong., the answer is six.
Many people, rightly or wrongly, believe the economy will soon improve.
Father tried to steer Jim into becoming a musician.
Fans packed the stadium.
Oranges are packed full of vitamin C.
Many older people feel cut off and isolated.
The town remains a very isolated community.
Press on the wound with a large pad of cotton wool.
The spectacle of injustice burnt into his soul.
People were standing fascinated at the spectacle of a rocket launching.
He did his postgraduate work in Sociology.
I played him for championship.
The dialogue is witty and urbane.
Neil was urbane, witty, direct, and honest.
Grind the sugar into a powder.
All medical records are kept confidential.
He will surely win.
Surely I've met you before.
He's a genius at home decoration.
a plain sweater knit without decoration
You look gorgeous, Maria.
He downloaded the files onto his computer.
You can download updates for free.
Small trees use space in the garden economically.
He canoed down the river to the camp.
The country is in a weak position economically.
He lived a life of wealth and privilege.
They canoed part of the Colorado River this summer.
I had the privilege of knowing your grandfather.
He tried to amend the situation by apologizing to me.
The country's constitution was amended to allow women to vote.
Her children are considerate and cooperative.
The blanket will warm you
They reassured us of their support.
I tried to reassure myself that the children were safe.
Rice formed the staple food of the common people.
Bananas and sugar are the staples of Jamaica.
It's unnecessary for us to wait.
We need to find ways to reduce unnecessary waste.
I don't want to worry you unnecessarily.
In this city, owning a car is unnecessary.
Your letter would be better if you pruned away some of those unnecessary adjectives.
He can come back to work when he's feeling better. Meantime, he should be resting as much as possible.
A syllable that ends in a short vowel is a light syllable.
Do you think we could swap the bookcase with the sofa?
The space is too small, the bookcase won't go in.
She felt embarrassed by his persistent attentions.
If she hadn't been so persistent she might not have gotten the job.
You must be decisive and persistent to succeed in this competitive field.
There was an eagle soaring along the shoreline.
His face was rigid with pain.
The patient's legs were rigid.
The anger in his face was shocking.
The number of young teenagers who smoke is shocking.
The second plea of the defender ought to be repelled.
She sews her own dresses by hand.
The kids are watching cartoons.
She does the voices for several cartoon characters.
What is the gross of your earnings?
Memories of the past filled her mind to the exclusion of all else.
He is undergoing cancer therapy.
He jammed his foot on the accelerator and the car sped off.
His eyebrows pursed up.
I reached inside my purse and handed him a ten.
He slammed the door in my face.
The refrigerator has a separate compartment for meats.
A bomber had been brought down by anti-aircraft fire.
He was arrested for using a rod on his dogs in violation of the state's animal cruelty laws.
We ate bacon and eggs for breakfast.
He forked some bacon into his mouth.
He made the unwise decision to invest in a brand-new company.
We took the elevator to the 10th floor.
She supplemented his meal with a bunch of grapes.
He will notify us where we are to meet.
Please notify us of any change of address.
A person accused of a crime is considered innocent until proven guilty.
She bruised her knee when she fell.
This remark really bruised my ego
He wanted to do a worthwhile job.
We decided to give the money to a worthwhile cause (=one that helps people).
people who live in the countryside
Her college is set in the countryside.
Your zip's undone at the back.
Dad brought back his prize catch, a three-foot striped bass.
He works for a large American corporation.
The corporation is ruled by oligarchy.
The order was given to evacuate.
The mayor gave an order to evacuate the city.
All the London children were evacuated to the country, where they would be safe from the bombing.
I found her attitude totally unacceptable.
Many senators have received calls from constituents who want them to vote in favor of the law.
It was socially unacceptable to discuss sex then.
He was hauled to parties night after night by his wife.
They held a number of workshops and seminars.
The front of the car telescoped when it hit the wall.
The company has a fleet of trucks that are used to haul freight.
The company will increase its budget for marketing.
Beth arranged a meeting with the marketing director.
He has absolutely no experience of marketing.
He might agree but seems reluctant to admit it.
They dragged the reluctant animal into the cage.
For reasons of hygiene, we had to cut our fingernails really short.
'Who can we get to babysit?' 'I'll call Suzie or somebody.'
Poor sanitation and hygiene caused many of the soldiers to get sick.
They were heading into town.
I was furious with them for printing the story.
The statement brought him into a state of furious anger.
He was at the very climax of his prosperity.
This statute runs against him.
The movie's climax is a fantastic chase scene.
It needed a calmer appraisal of her situation.
He scattered gun powder under the wagon.
The book is an excellent appraisal of the influences that have shaped our government.
She scattered the books on the table.
I am inclined to agree.
I am inclined to believe that she is innocent.
The talks had been fruitful, but much remained to be done.
The accident inclined him to reconsider his career.
We had a fruitful discussion about the problems with the schedule.
Seals come ashore to breed.
That place gave me bad vibrations.
Senna was arguably the greatest racing driver of all time.
There was a vibration in the old lady's cap.
They speak a southern dialect of French.
The shop sells local crafts.
He borrowed a craft to get across the river.
Can I pay by credit card?
Never give out your credit card number to anyone over the phone.
This tonic is guaranteed to give you more pep.
The roof of the cave was very high.
...she quickly devised a new scheme when the first one failed...
There must be another way into the cave.
A cave sheltered the climbers during the storm.
We have him now.
Do they have a new car?
The priest wore a purple robe.
The dog always barks at strangers.
It was a cross between a laugh and a bark.
A survey is now being carried out nationwide.
He was so intent on his work that he didn't hear the dog bark.
He was kept in appalling conditions in prison.
They were kept in appalling physical conditions.
These children work 70 metres below ground in appalling conditions.
I lost control of the car and it slewed sideways into the ditch.
They were arrested on charges of bribery.
She suffered appalling injuries.
Your mother has a gentle manner.
I will forever be grateful for his considerable input.
There has been a big input of resources into the project from industry.
They captured the fort after a long battle.
She provided some valuable input at the start of the project.
You two look very similar to each other.
I was going to say something similar.
English grammar can be hard to master.
I conceded that I had made a number of errors.
His testimony is of no relevance to the case.
Peel and crush the garlic.
He refuses to concede defeat.
Keep an eye on the noticeboards for forthcoming events.
The defeated nation conceded some of their land to the enemy.
What inference can we draw from these facts?
The frog darted its tongue at a fly.
I don't want to go to a restaurant., besides, we can't afford it.
People choose jobs for other reasons besides money.
I'm not ready to get married yet. Besides, I enjoy living alone.
The signs of drug addiction are familiar to most doctors.
When he got back to the office, Green unloaded on his staff.
He devotes his summers to his surfing addiction.
I'm taking a course in graphic design.
The driver unloaded some boxes from the back of the truck.
Leonardo da Vinci was a universal genius
She got a degree in graphic design.
The guests were the objects of universal investigation.
The book was dedicated to her mother.
Admittedly, I spent most of my time in the French Quarter.
The company dedicated $50,000 for the study.
You just need to take a change of underwear.
He stripped down to his underwear.
The company uses customer feedback to improve its products.
We've had a lot of positive feedback from the people of this city.
Fry an egg for me.
Before proceeding further, we must define our terms.
I could smell onions frying.
She had a great faculty for absorbing information.
The police must establish the facts of the case before proceeding.
The book caused quite a stir.
The manor descended to his son.
Both faculty and students oppose the measures.
And he nodded his head in my directon carelessly.
Don't swipe at the ball carelessly, take more careful aim.
He signed the contract, thereby forfeiting his right to the property.
The pronoun “it” is neuter.
a great sickness of his judgment
He was reluctant to make his judgment known.
We had to memorize the names of all the countries in Africa.
