1. Now I’m being fed with disgusting milk porridge.
2. Are you being served by experts at the moment?
3. Is the president’s appearance being broadcasted on all the channels?
4. Manna from heaven is being promised to us now.
5. You are being left penniless now.
6. They aren’t being offered a good job now.
7. We aren’t being offered to go to the cinema.
8. She is being offered to marry a silly but rich neighbor at the moment.
9. Are we being asked tricky questions now?
10. I’m being spoken of in all tabloids.
11. Yesterday at this time I was being questioned in the investigator’s cabinet.
12. Was a campfire being lit at the moment when a forester appeared in the glade?
13. Our offer wasn’t being discussed from early in the morning till late in the evening.
14. While I was being told a tale, was my sister being given an injection?
15. This time last year were we being treated very badly?
16. The article was being translated into English when somebody rang the doorbell.
17. He was being examined at the moment when his parents entered the room.
18. This film was being shown on TV just at the moment when it thundered.
19. When the taxes were being discussed at the government session, disturbances broke out in the town.
20. We were being told off again when the headmaster looked into our classroom.
21. We’ll be fed tomorrow at 5 sharp.
22. Will poems be dedicated to you while I’m working for you?
23. This poem will be recited when you come into the hall.
24. Morning newspapers won’t be delivered from 8 to 9.
25. Terrible news will be spread around the town while contributors of our newspaper are celebrating its 5th anniversary.
26. The film won’t be shown from 8 till 11 in the evening.
27. Sportsmen will be awarded in the evening after the match, about 11 o’clock.
28. You'll be supported while you are taking part in an amateur round.
29. You won’t be respected while you’re bringing up someone else’s kid.
30. Will this issue be discussed tomorrow at 12 sharp?
31. I was being asked questions about my new job all day long yesterday.
32. This book is being translated to Russian and she’ll be able to read it soon.
33. As far as I know, a new Mario game is being developed now.
34. New James Bond movie is being shot at the moment.
35. Criminals are being chased after on Tsvetnoy boulevard.
36. The passage through this lane is closed because a shopping center is being built there.
37. I have a feeling that I am being looked at but I cannot see anyone. — Turn around!
38. Where is our truck with goods? — It’s being unloaded around the corner.
39. Maxim thinks he was being spied by a secret service when he was working on a new energy source.
40. Their band will be recorded next Friday from 2 till 7 p.m.
41. Unfortunately, our project is not being financed right now and that is why all employees will be fired next week.
42. If I meet my parents, I will be shouted at for two hours.
43. Не was constantly being laughed at when he was wearing foolish pants and hat.
44. Are you sure that your child is being looked after well at the moment?
45. You were constantly being paid attention to while we were there!