1. He was looking at me, smiling cheerfully.
2. He was walking not paying attention to the passers-by.
3. Not knowing English it’s difficult to find a job nowadays.
4. "Dancing in the rain" — this is the title of my favorite film.
5. Speaking on the phone the boss passed by, not paying attention to me.
6. It’s impossible to become an educated person not reading books.
7. Dancing little-ones always make me feel alright.
8. Children kept silence watching working robots.
9. It’s difficult to be the best pupil in the class knowing nothing in math.
10. Have you ever seen crying crocodiles?
11. I can’t find the letter written yesterday.
12. Asmiling boy gave me the lost letter.
13. The boy, reading a letter, is my grandchild.
14. He spends time reading books.
15. Not reading books you will not be able to become a well-educated person.
16. Being an American she isn’t able to understand the British.
17. Not being able to cope with problems she didn’t know what to do.
18. The houses being built in Moscow are rather strange.
19. We can’t get our flat repaired so we have to have dinner in a not lit room.
20. It being cold, we decided to go home.
21. I met a stuttering boy yesterday.
22. A resting place has appeared in our office and many smoking people gather there at lunch-time.
23. I was told that my delivered package was waiting for me on the entrance.
24. I do not go to the restaurants and I do not buy expensive clothes saving up for studying abroad.
25. When young, I often fell in love with girls I barely knew.
26. To my mind, the problem being discussed has grown out of the misunderstanding and ignorance of our key business processes.
27. Having done homework, Peter went to walk with his friends.
28. Having been written in the 19th century, this book remains relevant.
29. My friends who presented me a jacket were wrong with the size.
30. Looking round her garret, we found a lot of ancient books and antique vases.
31. How dare he demand a salary rise while constantly keeping on being late?
32. The only thing we do in Italy is eating, putting on weight and wasting money.
33. Having tried out our new formula of the medicine, he came to the unbelievable conclusions.
34. How does he always manage to disappear getting away with his offences?!
35. I yield to temptation and bought a new book actively being discussed in the country.