1. I met her last year in December on a train at 8 o’clock in a bad mood.
2. I entered the room, looked through the window, sat at the table and took a cell-phone out of the pocket.
3. I am at work in the office which is behind the school.
4. To my surprise, the key to the door was under the table which was at the window.
5. I know from experience that singing to the guitar in an unknown society is really hard.
6. I caught a cold when I was walking around the town in the rain; now I am lying with fever under the blanket, suffering from cold and taking medicine for cough.
7. On Christmas Eve I was going through the wood; I came across a fence; the fence was up to my shoulders. I jumped over the fence and hurt myself through carelessness.
8. The world’s best goods are on sale at Christmas.
9. Are you angry with me because of my being late? — I never get angry by pinpricks.
10. There is a shop at the corner of the street; there is a photo in the corner of the shop; you can distinguish me at the desk at the lesson in the classroom.
11. My parents’ house is near the lake.
12. She often tells me stories from her childhood.
13. Inever deny help to my friends.
14. The picture on the wall was hung by my brother in September 2004.
15. The bolt was unscrewed with an inappropriate screwdriver.
16. I was looking for my keys on the table and under it for an hour; I even looked behind the bed.
17. There is a very nice pond in front of our house, sometimes we sit at the window and admire it.
18. Were you laughed at while you were studying at school?
19. Is there anybody among your acquaintances who lives not far from here?
20. If you go from center by car, turn (to the) right after you drive past the bus stop.
21. Can you please come to me on Friday in the evening or on Saturday at night at about 2-3 o’clock?
22. He will be in Germany from July till August, then he will go to France for 2 weeks.
23. We have been leaving at peace with him for 2 years.
24. This doctor is a magician! He determined what bothered me and how I can be cured at a single glance!
25. He is deeply in debts and he cannot afford buying a new car.
26. My friend does not like nicknames and he prefers to be called only by name.
27. We met by chance a few days ago when he was walking around along my street for some reason.
28. It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.
29. In order to learn English you must study hard but you are idling about instead!
30. Compared to them you are just a genius! That is all thanks to me.