1. I was sleeping from 10 till 12 yesterday.
2. Were you having lunch when the telephone rang?
3. He wasn’t crossing the street when he saw a policeman.
4. We were swimming while mum was making lunch.
5. Were you driving at high speed when the accident happened?
6. They weren’t waiting for us when we arrived at the hotel.
7. I burnt my hand while I was making lunch.
8. Were you trying to find a well-paid job when I saw you for the last time?
9. She was looking the other way when I noticed her.
10. He was going along the street when he suddenly heard someone’s footsteps behind.
11. I was ironing and vacuuming yesterday from 5 p.m. till 9 p.m.
12. What were you doing at 5 the day before yesterday?
18. Yesterday we were walking in a park and playing hide-and-seek all day long.
14. When we were developing a new advertising campaign, we came up with a brilliant idea how to spend next summer.
15. I was working yesterday at 9 p.m.; now it’s already half past nine and I’m still working. I’m sure that I will be working that time tomorrow.
16. I will be cooking dinner while you are reading.
17. Will you be sunbathing while I’m swimming?
18. You will be working on the dissertation this time next year.
19. Will they be gossiping about me for the whole summer while I am there?
20. I won’t be giving a lesson when you pick me up from the school.
21. Will he be waiting for me near the cinema at about 7 o’clock tomorrow?
22. We will be writing a test from 2 till 3 tomorrow.
23. Will you be doing nothing again tomorrow all day long?
24. What will you be doing tomorrow at 10 p.m.?
25. I won’t be listening to music while you are shopping.
26. This time next week I’ll be lying on the beach and swimming in the sea.
27. He won’t be passing by the post office during the morning walk.
28. Will you be taking care of me while I’m ill?
29. Next time when our band rehearses, I'll be playing the drums and Kate will be shooting video about us.
30. What are your plans for tomorrow? — I’ll be in the gym in the morning, from 9 till 10 I’ll be having breakfast, then I’ll be working till 7 p.m. In the evening I’m going to have a drink with my friends in the bar. However, most likely, I’ll be sitting at home alone and watching TV shows the whole evening.